samples: direct_test_mode: radio_test: Use MPSL FEM API (#8907)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/peripheral/radio_test/README.rst

You can use any one of the development kits listed above.

.. note::
   On nRF5340 DK, the sample is designed to run on the network core and requires the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` running on the application core.

>    This sample uses :ref:`shell_ipc_readme` library to forward shell data through the physical application core UART interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This sample uses the :ref:`shell_ipc_readme` library to forward shell data through the physical UART interface of the application core.
```

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. note::

>    On the nRF5340 development kit, the Radio Test sample requires :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` sample on the application core.
>    The :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` is built and programmed automatically by default.
>    If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   On the nRF5340 development kit, the Radio Test sample requires the :ref:`nrf5340_remote_shell` sample on the application core.
   The Remote IPC shell sample is built and programmed automatically by default.
   If you want to program your custom solution for the application core, unset the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NCS_SAMPLE_REMOTE_SHELL_CHILD_IMAGE` Kconfig option.
```
Same thing here. We may not want to link to the same thing twice in a row. Therefore, dumped the other link.

Remote USB CDC ACM Shell variant
================================

> This sample has a possibility to run the remote IPC Service Shell through nRF5340 DK application core USB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample can run the remote IPC Service Shell through the USB on the nRF5340 DK application core.
```

Dependencies
************

> This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample uses the following |NCS| library:
```

  * ``nrfx/hal/nrf_radio.h``
  * ``nrfx/hal/nrf_rng.h``

> The sample also uses the following nrfxlib dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample also has the following nrfxlib dependency:
```
